Behind me are
the most expensive cars in the world.
No joke.
We got our hands on over $250
million worth of cars,
one of them
even costing $100 million.
And we're going to be exploding
sailing, driving
and even flying all of these cars
to show you why they're so expensive.
Starting with this $1 car,
literally a rust bucket.
Why are you selling this car
for a dollar?
Well,
you see, it's pretty much worthless.
And I can't put any time
or money in this thing.
If you grab this dollar,
the deal is final.
Now, obviously,
this is a piece of garbage,
but when you spend 20 K on repairs,
it actually runs.
All right, let's get this
bad boy started.
I do not think it would start
How is this thing driving?
It smells like smoke!
this is crazy.
One dollar car!
- One dollar car!
All right, well, that was the $1 car.
Glad I wasn't in that.
Bringing the $100,000 car,
which drives itself.
No joke.
No one is currently in this car,
and it is moving.
Let's see what 100 grand gets you.
There's a lot of room in this car.
This is one of the few cars
that can actually fit all my kids.
- Do you have kids?
- Yeah, all of them.
Let's take it for a little spin.
The real reason you're buying a Tesla
is because it can drive itself.
All right.
I'm no longer driving the car.
Oh, it's switching lanes.
Oh, it is literally driving itself.
I'm not touching the gas and I'm
not touching the steering wheel.
Jimmy, are you telling me now
you can take a nap while driving?
- No, don't do that.
- Oh ok.
Now, let's see how fast the car goes.
It jerks you backwards.
That's terrifying.
This is just the beginning.
Later, we have a car
that literally transforms
into an airplane and flops.
But now.
Oh look that lambo.
Oh, I almost hit it.
Bro just left the keys in here.
How'd nobody steal it?
Even though this cost twice
as much, and has half as much space.
I don't know if I take 200k
for this car because I don't fit in it.
Did they even know
how to drive a Lamborghini?
- How would you do fourth?
- I think you just click the shifter.
All right.
And now we're on the road.
Oh, that sound.
Oh my gosh. She's out there.
Hey, she's got some power.
Oh, my gosh.
This car is insane.
I'm barely touching the gas,
and we're flying.
This might be the fastest car
I've ever driven.
If you need to compensate
for something,
this is definitely the car.
And now we're at the $300,000 car,
and this is supposedly
the safest car on the planet.
It's like a tank.
Is this a military-grade car?
Yeah. This is so high up.
You were also just in the Lamborghini.
True, true perspective.
Let's go over
what makes this car so safe.
First things first is the bulletproof
windows that are this thick.
The car is also encased
in explosive proof armor
that we're going to put to the test
later on.
- Karl, do you want to press the button?
- So bad.
- You want to hit the smokescreen button?
- Please?
That is crazy.
We have a literal smokescreen.
Oh, my gosh, It smells.
But the best part is
none of these features are
what makes the car really safe.
It's the little explosive proof
frame around the car.
And we're going to be
the first people to test it.
And for reference,
before we blow up the $300,000 car,
we're going to blow up on normal cars
to see if the passengers survive.
Three, two, one.
Not only is it on fire,
but the mannequins
literally flew out of the car.
We blew a sunroof
into that thing.
It doesn't handle it well at all.
And before we blow up this car,
I'm going to put feastables inside
Better protect my freaking chocolate.
So supposedly this car is explosion
proof, but that's never been tested.
Let's see if the mannequins
and even more importantly,
the Feastables survive.
Three, two, one.
It just jumped.
The car survived the blast
with only a few minor scrapes.
It put a dent in the window.
Wait. Hold on, hold on.
Where are the feastables? Chandler,
get out the way.
The feastables survive.
If you're looking for a car
that can take a bomb,
I officially recommend this one.
But since you're not going to war
anytime soon for only an extra
$200,000, you could get this
$500,000 boat car.
On land this is a normal car.
You can't really tell the difference.
But here's the fun part.
Just drive it in the water
and it turns into a boat.
We'll let Karl go first.
- Here we go.
- Oh, this doesn't feel right.
This doesn't feel right.
I'm having them go first
just so I can make sure it works.
Are we sinking, no we are floating!
Oh, it looks like it
worked. Let's see what happens.
Oh, my God. We're driving in the water.
Oh, so you press
this until you hear a beep.
That's a beep.
Now, I should be able to drive this
like a normal car, but on the water.
Thea hold on.
This is incredible.
This was literally a car five seconds ago.
Yeah!
I would be out there with them,
but I get carsick and boat sick.
Oh, hey there.
Oh my God.
All right, Karl!
Karl!
They should not let me drive this
We got it baby.
Rule number one,
stay really far away from Kris.
We're driving in circles.
Oh, they're doing donuts
in the water, they're making a whirlpool.
I just met this guy 5 seconds ago.
We're going to race
three, two, one. Go!
He is so much faster.
He's not even trying.
Come on. Faster.
Oh, we're destroying him.
- He's slowing down.
- I can't believe we just beat him.
This thing goes way too fast.
I can't think of a better way
to celebrate a win than a Feastables Bar.
Hey, have some feastables.
I got it.
Feastables the number one
chocolate on the planet.
If you're not eating it,
you should fix that.
The fact that all three of us are driving
cars on the ocean is insane.
Jimmy, I love this thing so much.
The craziest part is this is just
the beginning of this video.
The next car on our list
can literally fly.
And since I'm afraid of heights, I'll
let Karl and Nolan take this one.
Dude, what is happening?
This car is not only completely
street legal, but it also has wings
that can take it to literally
8000 feet in the sky.
There's literally a propeller on that car.
Stay here and watch it take off.
I'm going to go
in that plane and follow it.
I just don't believe
this is actually going to fly
It's taking off!
The wheels aren't on the ground anymore.
It's literally a car that's flying.
These cars are getting crazier and crazier.
I can't even believe my eyes.
There is a car
a mile above my head right now.
Oh, this so cool.
I feel like for $600,000,
this is a steal.
Prepare for landing.
Up next is the $1 million car.
But I didn't only bring one up.
As you can imagine, there's
a lot of $1 million cars out there.
So to make sure
I brought your favorite,
we got the ten coolest
$1 million cars.
And as per usual, we have the entire
racetrack to ourselves.
So I let my friends choose
whatever car they want.
I'm going to ride with you.
You pick.
Look at this baby.
Am I going to fit in this?
All right.
I'll try not to text and drive.
It's private property.
It's technically legal here.
Oh, here we go.
We're never going to die.
Don't jinx it.
I feel like I'm in NASCAR.
I'm having so much fun.
This feels like Fast & Furious.
There's just something so masculine
about driving over priced loud cars.
On a private racetrack.
Hold on.
I got to send a text.
No, I'm kidding.
- I'm crashing this.
- Please no.
Karl!
Oh, my God.
We're doing donuts in a million dollar car.
While the gang is whizzing
around the track,
I want to show you the next car.
This $2 million limited edition
hydrogen car.
No joke.
This car is completely powered
by hydrogen and actually exhales
drinkable water as exhaust,
but the car still being developed.
So this is just a prototype.
I don't think I've ever struggled
this much to get in a car.
All right.
Let's see how she closes.
First impressions, door kind of slow.
We're about to turn on the road.
This is a really big deal
because
this car has never been driven
on a road before.
Oh, you should have told me before
I got here.
They built this car
as a proof of concept.
So driving on the road
is questionable.
Well, look at that lady over there.
That person over
there is literally filming our car.
And while we're driving,
I want to tell you
about the Samsung Galaxy
Z Flip 5 phone.
And what's special about this phone
is it literally folds in half.
Boom, half the size.
Also, I'd wear a seat belt,
but it doesn't have
they haven't gone that far yet.
Folding screen on the flip
five makes the phone
fit in your pocket better
and also allows you to use
two apps at the same time.
- Show them.
- Let me show you.
On the bottom half
of the phone,
I have Google and on the top half
We're watching a MrBeast video.
Oh, snap.
- Bro, this boy gets up there.
- Yeah.
Even though this car uses hydrogen
instead of gas, it still has a range
of over a thousand miles,
top speed of 221 miles per hour.
And another cool thing about this
phone is it can record in 4K 60 fps.
You can even record while it's folded.
In fact
The Samsung Galaxy s23 Ultra
is the official vlog camera of the channel.
Listen to that engine.
- What?
- That's such a cool sound.
It literally has a front facing
camera even when you close it down.
The Flip5 is the most innovative
phone Samsung has ever made.
Click the link in the description
to get one right now.
Do it.
There's a lot of cars around me
and everywhere.
Get away from my $2 million car.
I'll see you at the next car.
Back at the racetrack, we have
the most exotic and powerful car yet.
Costing $10 million.
This Koenigsegg Vader
is the only one in existence.
So this is the world's
fastest production car.
Oh, my gosh.
And with literal crushed
diamonds in the paint,
the insurance companies
only let the owner drive.
That's probably the coolest door
I've ever seen in my life.
You're crazy.
- All right, let's do this.
- Let's do it.
Fun fact, I made
a grown man cry.
- Really?
- Yeah. I scared the crap out of him.
I'm going to put my head back
so I don't get whiplash.
How was it so fast?
I've never...
Watch out for that.
The reason this car is one of the fastest
on the planet is because of its twin
turbocharged V8 engine
and the fact that its entire frame
is made out of air core carbon fiber,
making it weigh
almost 500 pounds less than a Lamborghini.
I've never witnessed
anything like this before.
It's like riding in a roller coaster.
My heart is pounding.
Well, that was awesome.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Let's go hang out with Jay Leno
and see what a $20 million car
looks like.
All right.
Jay Leno was the king of The Tonight
Show for over 20 years.
Today, he's the proud owner
of one of the most impressive
car collections in the world,
including this $20 million McLaren F1.
Did it just start doing that
because of you?
It's high tech.
Robbers don't try that.
And what makes it so valuable?
It's a V12 carbon fiber.
It's extremely light.
And it was 241 miles an hour,
which is still the fastest for
a non turbocharged non supercharged car.
I'll show you something kind of cool.
It got three seats,
as you can see.
The car is about 2300 pounds.
Your most modern cars are 4,000.
It's more comparable
to Nolan's mom than another car.
That's right. Exactly.
In fact, Nolan's mom was really
the one they used as the benchmark.
- You guys want to go for a ride?
- Of course.
There's no way to get in that middle seat.
It's actually uncomfortable.
Oh, it's not bad.
Yeah, it's not bad.
Did not look bad at all. It's comfortable.
It's oddly comfortable
to have three seats like this.
Yeah, it is pretty interesting,
Normally this is where
the wheel would be.
Or if you were in England.
this is where the steering wheel would be.
You can be in England,
you can be in America.
How long have you had this car?
- What year were you born?
- 1998.
Actually, I got this in 98.
I popped out of my mom and he's like,
"let's celebrate by buying this car."
Here's the second part.
I'm your dad.
Interesting.
How much did you buy this for?
I paid 800,000, and I bought it.
And people thought
you'll never get your money back.
But then it just went up
and up and up and up.
And now there's $20 million,
you know?
So it's crazy.
This car basically made you
a millon dollars a year every year.
I guess that's fair to say.
Karl, what do you think of the car?
I like it.
What's stopping you from buying one
$19.9 million?
Have you ever had a wreck?
Oh, yeah.
I've had a lot of wrecks.
Thank you so much for taking us out.
No problem, guys.
That was perfect.
These next two cars are so expensive,
They're locked away in a museum
at all times.
Combined, they cost $80 million.
And somehow we convinced the museum
to give us the cars.
Looking good.
And this is where the video gets
literally mind blowing.
Crank this bad boy up.
That's 30 miller.
Let's hear that 50 miller.
Not going to lie. I like the
$50 miller one a little better.
So I jumped in the $50 million car
with Donut Media and Chandler
got in the $30 million car
with Beau Boeckmann, the car legend.
You ready?
- Are you ready?
- I'm ready.
Let's do this.
The reason the car
that Chandler's in is so expensive
is because it was constructed
specifically as a gift
from the founder of Ferrari
to the founder of Ford.
This is the only version of this
Ferrari ever made in human history.
Watch out for this bump.
No scraping.
You don't really notice
how, like, crappy
the street is until you drive
something that's $50 million.
The car we're in is the most
expensive Jaguar in existence.
It was the legendary actor
Steve McQueen's daily driver,
and he got so many speeding tickets
driving it,
his license was actually suspended.
I'm noticing
every single pothole now.
And because these cars
are so expensive,
we have an entire police escort
dedicated to making
sure nobody comes close to the cars.
This is insane.
Hey, get some speed.
- How's it drive?
- Beautifully.
Oh my hat!
Oh well.
While we were all having fun,
Beau Boeckmann pushed
this $30 million car to its absolute limit.
Wait, wait, wait. Hold on.
Hold on. The car is stuck.
Hold on one second.
We hit it too... too hard.
The $30 million car stalled.
We're going to hop out of
these things before we break them.
Let's go drive the $100
million world's first Ferrari.
Most people would imagine
$100 million car
would look something more like this.
But you'd be surprised to find out
that this is the $100 million car.
This car is so historic and valuable
that this museum representative
is literally the only person on earth
allowed to drive it.
It's only allowed to be driven
on this bridge.
We had cops completely closed
the roads.
We even had street cleaners
fill in every pothole
and clean the entire street to ensure
that there's no chance that we harm
this hundred million dollar car.
This is going to be crazy.
All right.
And now we're on the bridge.
Oh, my God.
Look at that.
$100 million
barreling down the street.
Oh, I keep
losing my hat.
He lost his hat.
That's the second time.
Most expensive
car comes with a free hat.
Come on.
Come on!
This is awesome.
Name one thing more fun than this.
All right.
Floor it.
Let's go.
Oh, my God. It's awesome.
I hope you guys enjoyed the video
Let's drop a nuke on the bridge.
Subscribe to get Nolan’s mom a treadmill.
Just kidding we love you nolan’s mom